[TH2-1936] Up version. Update README. (#80)
th2-net/th2-common-j: README.md

## Release notes

### 3.16.2

+ Fixed configuration for gRPC server.

> ++ Added property `workers`, which change count of gRPC server's threads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
++ Added the property `workers`, which changed the count of gRPC server's threads
```
